If you choose beforehand, please change to meet other conditions.
For example, Romantic Years is in addition to returning to the Meng family.
Then the Meng family will be succeeded in the order of formation
Qin Shengzhi stopped working.
Yes, Qin Xuan looks like this
This is also the one that my mother's family has been fighting for for many years.
At the end of the year, ability is used.
Just let him watch from above.
It can be regarded as for the Bo family all over the sky.
You can't think of it
Generally considered as the position of general manager.
And he continued to form the first overall draft pick.
Mujia Jicheng is full of opportunities to try and continue.
Right now I am the number one person in Base City, right?
If it's too big
Can we get back their full contract with Base City?
The original base city roll is replaced by one person
Even in Jicheng, all the people in Jicheng are from Jicheng
Let's forget it, mom
Even others can contract
Wisdom is important to our tribe
Can our family provide transportation?
Become a second kind of tester
That's just a trial
Just look at this, maybe it will be better
Stop arguing
As long as you can take him
Try a hundred contracts from others
I can call the shots
Let Wan Ning move from the position of general manager
In the future, he will be promoted to the position of the first person with family process rights.
If Wan Ning is really capable
Within a year, we can bring Wujia to
Will keep track of home location independently
I'm ready for you to agree
Establish Wan Ning as a figure
No need to remember that